we will need to rethink how we detect, categorise, and infer information from the messages given from MTN (might not be the exact name of the sender, I think its mobile money). There are flaws that we will need to address to make the system more capable at handling transactions.
1. We have a hard time categorising things like cash deposits to Mobile Money inside of `.\MTN-outliers.md`. I have left comments starting with "##"
2. We will have rethink how internal transfers on the same device are and how they appear in the application too. I have left some comments but I want you to also think about the best ways too. To help with some of the transactions, we can have something where we make the users enter their phone numbers to help us know when we have an internal transfer or an external transfer. So we can have it settings and also have it displayed as popups to add their phone numbers to help. also we will add it to onboarding too but make it optional but encourage that behaviour too. What do you think about that? and then we will have it permanently in settings where they can update or set there phone number so that will help.
3. we will also need to be able to understand the transactions in a better way so we are not left in the dark when new messages appear that we have never seen, we should buil dout really good logic that will enable us see things much better and understand the flow of money much more.
4. Concerning GCB Bank, there are a little more dynamics there too we will need to unserstand to know the different thigns like the virtual cards, the different types of transactions that are there and all of that.
5. reference the documents `.\MTN-outliers.md` , `Telecel-outliers.md` and `GCB_Bank-outliers.md` while still taking the initial documents too to help you `MTN_Mobile_Money.md` , `Telecel_Cash.md` , `GCB_Bank.md` to help you, there are also notes there to help you out with some clues I have there to help us build better logic around.
